well...

so here you go, YOU asked for it. Use BC++3.1 for DOS, to compile without having
to change a real lot of the code. NIV is about 70% 16-bit Intel assembly, the rest
being crappy 16-bit C++. If I left C++ behind, and worked for months to the Linoleum
environment, and after 18 years of programming with several imperfect environments
(only Lino is perfect for me) there IS a reason. There is a reason why today's PCs
crash, and applications... bah, nevermind... nevermind... I'm terminally delusioned,
I don't want to think anymore to those infernal things I've left behind. *shakes head*

This might be every file needed for recompiling NIV and all of its auxiliary parts.
Being not sure, I quickly copied here several files I remembered to have something
to do with it, I hope I included something more (and useless) rather than something
less. The files are given in chaotic organization, here's what may be needed to be
separated: uhm... just some includes. Except for noctis-0.h the other includes should
be placed in your environmental include directory (by default \borlandc\include).

The PRJ file may or may not work, depending on how BC++ guys decided relative paths
to be ported and maybe on my own settings, can't remember if they include the drive
path or not... maybe not. I think not, they might start from the root (\). Did I
mention that in my opinion computers should forget the concept of folders and sub-
folders, or directories, or the way you want to call them...? nevermind, again.
In case the PRJ doesn't work, you might build a PRJ file including noctis-0.cpp,
noctis-1.cpp and noctis.cpp. The program was split in 3 files because their code
segments, or maybe their code+static data segments, kept exceeding 64Kb, an evident
limit of 16-bit code. So this way they were compiled in separate segments, and then
imported with great effort and pain (there is a reason, there is a reason) in the
main source file (noctis.cpp). Have fun dealing with 16-bit CPP. But have fun dealing
with 32-bit anyway. Remember that "int" in this CPP means 16-bit value, not 32, it's
so portable, it's so cross-platform. HEH! why not? it is cross-platform. Of course.
If you're in your first 15 years of programming experience, you'll be proud of
understanding C/C++ because it's well known by the other <=15years exp programmers
to be cool and... and means you're intelligent. uhm... it's a personal opinion and I
disclaim all responsibility and I didn't say it and if I said it I was sleeping.
Or maybe after 15 years (I've got 20 of them) you get a bit bored... and make your
own perfect environment the way you like. And normally you like it to be simple.

Oh, when you've managed, after having began to smoke to counterbalance stress, to
obtain a Noctis.EXE that correctly reports "load error" when launched, merge it with
"supports.nct". Yes link the file "supports.nct" to "noctis.exe". No, not with a
linker, just add the file to the EXE, append it, as it is, that's it. There was that
COPY /b thing I did never remember so I made my merge.exe which is included as part
of the Lino source code. Launch it again, that should make it work.

POLYVERT is used to edit/manage the NCC files (NCC = Number of polys-Coords-Colors).
"vehicle.ncc" is the shape of the stardrifter. Some animals are used, some other NCC
files come from NI and are no longer used but there for curiosity. The Creative VOC
files with sound FX were used by NII... there for curiosity. There is the source to
POLYVERT, it's hard to use and make eveything with keyb shortcuts... comments here
and there may be in italian, with rare or non-existing cases of english comments.
Sorry, this code is here for curiosity, no real sense. Didn't want to show it for
long, 'cos it may ruin the magic of the program...

oh, it's under WTOF Public License (read WPL.HTM). THE WPL IS NOT THE GPL.
Basically, you may make experiments with it on your own, but if you want to distribute
mods and changed versions you need authorization. If your mod is cool, and doesn't
cause troubles, I dont' see why I shouldn't authorize it... if you don't ask, you're
making a significant copyright violation...